The evil Galactic Empire
fell.
His former exiled warlords
are preparing for his return.
The New Republic
attempts to unite the galaxy.
In the Outer Border.
the Mandalorian
and his young apprentice Grogu
hunt down these imperial fugitives...
We finally meet
the legendary Mandalorian.
Glad you accepted!
to work for us.
You will make a fortune.
Of course. Mando.
Oh dear. our poor nephew has been kidnapped.
It fell into the wrong hands.
We are heartbroken.
Think about your pain
if your little one disappeared.
Yes.
We only have one.
quite old.
He's grown a lot since then.
You will find it on Shakari's moon.
No problem.
-The horrible baby.
Naughty baby.
No problem.
- Understood.
Yes. understood.
No problem.
Help! He's got me!
Forward. forward.
Help!
It's me. Here you are.
You found me!
We thought you were dead.
The Mandalorian saved me.
The giant. He's over there.
We need to find it
and bring it back for the baby.
The monster. the giant dog.
He grabbed me. and...
Mando is there. in the palace.
Monte.
Come on. baby. You can do it.
Big pipe. huh?
Bullseye. baby.
Pay the hunter.
You broke our agreements.
You're going to have to pay.
Bring me his helmet.
You entertained us.
Here is your reward.
Which way?
Even if you win.
You will die poisoned.
Send in the droids! Free the Amani!
He must not escape!
That way. Yes. that way.
- This way!
- Down.
Hold on tight!
I don't want to fall.
Go!
Okay. let's go.
We'll be back. Mando.
Come. baby.
We'll be back.
Let's go.
Hurry up. baby.
Come on..
Wait! We know a lot.
Stop I
Leave it I
You no longer have Jabba to protect you.
I'm not a kid anymore!
Stop! You're going to kill us all!
Save us. hunter!